LAST REVISED: September 17, 2021

 

**IMPORTANT NOTICE:**

 

**YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") BEFORE
INSTALLING OR USING BLIZZARD'S ONLINE GAMING PLATFORM. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL OR
OTHERWISE ACCESS THE PLATFORM.**

 

You must be and hereby affirm that you are an **adult** of the legal age
of majority in your country and state of residence. **If you are under
the legal age of majority, your parent or legal guardian must consent to
this Agreement.**

 

Thank you for your interest in Blizzard's online gaming services and
interactive games, and the interactive games from other developers
("Licensors") who make their games available through the Battle.net
gaming service's Platform. (Blizzard's and the Licensors' games are
collectively referred to herein as the "Games"). This Agreement sets
forth the terms and conditions under which you are licensed to install
and use the Platform, and it governs other aspects of the relationship
between you and Blizzard as set forth below. As used in this Agreement,
the term "Platform" refers collectively, and at times individually, to
(1) the Battle.net desktop app software, (2) the Battle.net gaming
service, (3) each of the Games, (4) authorized Mobile Apps relating to
the Games and the Battle.net game service, and (5) all features and
components of each of them, whether installed or used on a computer,
console, or mobile device.

 

Your use of the Platform is licensed, not sold, to you, and you hereby
acknowledge that no title or ownership with respect to the Platform or
the Games is being transferred or assigned and this Agreement should not
be construed as a sale of any rights. All access to and use of the
Platform and the Games is subject to this Agreement, the applicable
software documentation, and our Privacy Policy; and when applicable,
Licensor's terms (collectively, the "Complete Terms"). The Complete
Terms are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference (with
this Agreement controlling any conflicting terms), and represent the
complete Agreement between you and us relating to use of the Platform,
the Games, and related services and products, superseding any prior
Agreements between you and us, whether written or oral.

 

Except as otherwise provided below, if you reside within a member state
of the European Union or of the United Kingdom and are accessing the
Platform, use of the Platform is licensed to you by Blizzard
Entertainment S.A.S., a French company having its registered office at
145 rue Yves Le Coz, 78000 Versailles, France. In all other
circumstances, use of the Platform is licensed to you by Activision
Blizzard International B.V., a tradename of Activision Blizzard
International B.V., Stroombaan 16, 1181 VX Amstelveen, the Netherlands
(Blizzard Entertainment SAS, and Activision Blizzard International B.V.
are referred to herein as "Blizzard", "we," or "us").

 

1.  **The Platform.**
    1.  **The Battle.net Account.** To use the Platform, you may be
        required to register, or have previously registered, a
        Battle.net Account (an "Account"). Certain Games may not require
        creation of an Account. Use of the Games, and creation and use
        of Accounts are subject to the following terms and conditions:
        1.  You may establish an Account only if: (i) you are a "natural
            person" and an adult in your country and state of residence
            (Corporations, Limited Liability Companies, partnerships and
            other legal or business entities may not establish an
            Account); and (ii) you are not an individual specifically
            prohibited by Blizzard from using the Platform.
        2.  When you create or update an Account, you must:
            1.  provide Blizzard with accurate and up to date
                information that is personal to you, such as, but not
                limited to, your name and email address. Additionally,
                in order to play certain Games or use certain features
                offered on the Platform, you may also be required to
                provide Blizzard with payment information (such as
                credit card information). Blizzard's retention and/or
                use of your personal information is subject to
                Blizzard's Privacy Policy, located at
                <https://www.blizzard.com/en-gb/legal/8c41e7e6-0b61-42c4-a674-c91d8e8d68d3/blizzard-entertainment-privacy-policy>.
                Blizzard shall also have the right to obtain
                non-personal data from your connection to the Platform;
                and
            2.  select a unique username and password (collectively
                referred to hereunder as "Login Information"). You may
                not use your real name as the password for the Account,
                and you cannot share the Account or the Login
                Information with anyone, unless the terms of this
                Agreement allow it.
        3.  To play Games, you may need to add a Game license to an
            Account, which may require an authentication code generated
            by Blizzard. For Game licenses purchased at retail, the
            authentication code will either be included in the packaging
            materials or sent to you via electronic means. If you
            purchase or download a Game digitally from Blizzard or via
            an authorized mobile app store (e.g., Apple or Google), the
            authentication code will be assigned to the Account when you
            purchase or download the Game.
        4.  Please take a few moments to review Blizzard's Account
            Security information available here:
            <https://eu.battle.net/support/en/article/14319>. You must
            maintain the confidentiality of the Login Information, as
            you are responsible for all uses of the Login Information
            and the Account, including purchases, whether or not
            authorized by you. If you become aware of or reasonably
            suspect any breach of security, including without limitation
            any loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of the Login
            Information, you must immediately notify Blizzard at
            <https://support.blizzard.com/>. Blizzard, in its sole
            discretion, may require additional information and/or
            documentation to verify your claim, and once Blizzard has
            the information that Blizzard deems necessary to verify your
            claim, Blizzard will take actions to freeze your Account
            until Blizzard has returned control of your Account to you.
            Regardless of any actions Blizzard may take on your behalf,
            you acknowledge and agree that Blizzard has sole and
            absolute discretion in determining whether or not your claim
            is valid and, if so, the appropriate remedy.
        5.  Subject to the laws of your country of residence, minors may
            utilize an Account established or play a Game installed by
            their parent or legal guardian upon the parent/guardian's
            acceptance of this Agreement. In the event that you permit
            your minor child or legal ward (collectively, your "Child")
            to use an Account or the Platform (including any Game), you
            hereby agree to this Agreement on behalf of yourself and
            your Child, and you understand and agree that you will be
            responsible for all uses of the Account or the Platform by
            your Child whether or not any particular use was authorized
            by you.
        6.  Your use of the Platform to interact with Blizzard and other
            players is governed by Blizzard's in-Game Code of Conduct
            accessible
            [here](https://eu.battle.net/support/en/article/42673) (the
            "Code of Conduct"). The Code of Conduct is not meant to be
            exhaustive. The Code of Conduct is incorporated into this
            Agreement by this reference and is available at:
            <https://eu.battle.net/support/en/article/42673> Please note
            that violation of any of Blizzard's Codes of Conduct
            (including with regard to Your use of Blizzard's Websites
            and Forums) may result in penalties against your Battle.net
            Account, including suspension and/or termination of Game
            licenses.
        7.  You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by
            you or anyone using your Account. If you choose a recurring
            subscription for a Game, you acknowledge that payments will
            be processed automatically (e.g., debited from your Blizzard
            Balance or charged to your credit card) until you cancel the
            subscription or the Account. Blizzard may revise the pricing
            for the goods and services offered through the Platform at
            any time with a reasonable prior notice.
    2.  **Grant of License.** If you accept and comply with the terms of
        Agreement, Blizzard will grant, and you will receive, a limited
        non-sub licensable, and non-exclusive license to use the
        Platform subject to the "License Limitations," set forth in
        Section 1.C below, as follows:
        1.  You may install applicable components or features of the
            Platform (including the Games) on one or more computers or
            mobile devices under your legitimate control.
        2.  You may use the Platform for your personal and
            non-commercial entertainment purposes only, unless
            specifically allowed under the terms of this Agreement.
        3.  You may not transfer your rights and obligations to use the
            Platform.
        4.  With regards to Games purchased from retailers on original
            media (e.g., on CD-ROM, DVD, etc.) you may permanently
            transfer all of your rights and obligations related to the
            use of a Game under this Agreement to another person who
            agrees to the terms of this Agreement by physically
            transferring the original media, original packaging, and all
            manuals or other documentation distributed with the Game
            provided that you permanently delete all copies and
            installations of the Game in your possession or control. You
            agree to be solely responsible for any taxes, fees, charges,
            duties, withholdings, assessments, and the like, together
            with any interest, penalties, and additions imposed in
            connection with such transfer. Other than as set forth
            above, Blizzard does not recognize any purported transfer of
            the Games.
        5.  Some of the Games may be subject to specific license terms
            that may include the following:
            1.  Trial or "Starter" versions of Games allow you to play a
                limited version of the Game before you will be required
                to purchase a Game license. Licenses to use the full
                version of these Games can be purchased through the
                Platform.
            2.  In certain cases, the "full version," of Games can only
                be played after you purchase and add a Game license to
                your Account.
            3.  You may play the Game(s) for you obtained a license for
                at authorized publicly-available cyber cafés or computer
                gaming centers on the Platform through an Account
                registered to you. You will be informed of any
                requirement to purchase a license before you can use a
                Game, and of any time limitations that would affect how
                long you can play a Game.
            4.  Certain Games may be obtained through the Platform, but
                may not be playable on the Platform. In such an event,
                the Game will be provided with a separate End User
                License Agreement that will govern your installation and
                use of the Game post purchase.
            5.  For Games which are produced by Blizzard's Licensors and
                distributed through, and/or played upon, the Platform
                may require that you agree to the Licensor's End User
                License Agreement and that you acknowledge other terms,
                such as Licensor's privacy policy and terms of use,
                prior to your being able to play the Game on the
                Platform. The terms and conditions of Licensor's End
                User License Agreement are hereby incorporated into this
                Agreement by this reference. In the event of a conflict
                between the terms of this Agreement and a Licensor's End
                User License Agreement pertaining to the use of the
                Licensor's Game, the Licensor's End User License
                Agreement shall supersede and govern your use of the
                Licensor's Game. However, in the event of a conflict
                between the terms of this Agreement and the Licensor's
                End User License Agreement pertaining to any other
                aspect of the Platform, this Agreement shall supersede
                and govern your use of the Platform.
    3.  **License Limitations.** Blizzard may suspend or terminate your
        license to use the Platform, or parts, components and/or single
        features thereof, as mentioned in Section 10.B hereunder if you
        do not comply with the Agreement, the Code of Conduct and other
        applicable Terms mentioned in this Agreement, and/or if you
        violate, or assist others in violating, the specific license
        limitations set forth below. In case of such a license
        suspension or termination you will not be entitled to any
        compensation in regard to the respective suspended or terminated
        license, including but not limited to game subscriptions,
        in-game items, currencies and services, tokens, etc. You agree
        that you will not, in whole or in part or under any
        circumstances, do the following:
        1.  **Derivative Works:** Copy or reproduce (except as provided
            in Section 1.B.), translate, reverse engineer, derive source
            code from, modify, disassemble, decompile, or create
            derivative works based on or related to the Platform.
        2.  **Cheating:** Create, use, offer, promote, advertise, make
            available and/or distribute the following or assist therein:
            1.  cheats; i.e. methods not expressly authorized by
                Blizzard (whether accomplished using hardware, software,
                a combination thereof, or otherwise), influencing and/or
                facilitating the gameplay, including exploits of any
                in-game bugs, and thereby granting you and/or any other
                user an advantage over other players not using such
                methods;
            2.  bots; i.e. any code and/or software, not expressly
                authorized by Blizzard, that allows the automated
                control of a Game or part of a Game, or any other
                feature of the Platform, e.g. the automated control of a
                character in a Game;
            3.  hacks; i.e. accessing or modifying the software of the
                Platform in any manner not expressly authorized by
                Blizzard;
            4.  any code and/or software, not expressly authorized by
                Blizzard, that can be used in connection with the
                Platform and/or any component or feature thereof which
                changes and/or facilitates the gameplay or other
                functionality;
        3.  **Prohibited Commercial Uses:** Exploit, in its entirety or
            individual components, the Platform for any purpose not
            expressly authorized by Blizzard, including, without
            limitation (i) playing the Game(s) at commercial
            establishments (subject to Section 1.B.iv.3.); (ii)
            gathering in-game currency, items, or resources for
            sale/selling/exchanging outside of the Platform or the
            Game(s); (iii) performing in-game services including,
            without limitation, account boosting or power-leveling, in
            exchange for payment; (iv) communicating or facilitating (by
            text, live audio communications, or otherwise) any
            commercial advertisement, solicitation or offer through or
            within the Platform; or (v) organizing, promoting,
            facilitating, or participating in any event involving
            wagering on the outcome, or any other aspect of, Blizzard's
            Games, whether or not such conduct constitutes gambling
            under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction, without
            authorization.
        4.  **"esports\":** Use the Platform for any esports or group
            competition sponsored, promoted or facilitated by any
            commercial or non-profit entity without obtaining additional
            authorization from Blizzard or obtaining Blizzard's prior
            written consent. For more information on obtaining
            appropriate authorization, please visit Blizzard's website.
        5.  **Cloud Computing:** Use the Platform, including a Game, in
            connection with any unauthorized third-party "cloud
            computing" services, "cloud gaming" services, or any
            software or service designed to enable the unauthorized
            streaming or transmission of Game content from a third-party
            server to any device.
        6.  **Data Mining:** Use any unauthorized process or software
            that intercepts, collects, reads, or "mines" information
            generated or stored by the Platform; provided, however, that
            Blizzard may, at its sole and absolute discretion, allow the
            use of certain third-party user interfaces.
        7.  **Duplicated Items:** Create, utilize or transact in any
            in-game item created or copied by exploiting a design flaw,
            undocumented problem, or program bug in the Platform.
        8.  **Matchmaking:** Host, provide or develop matchmaking
            services for the Game(s), or intercept, emulate or redirect
            the communication protocols used by Blizzard in any way, for
            any purpose, including without limitation unauthorized play
            over the internet, network play (except as expressly
            authorized by Blizzard), or as part of content aggregation
            networks.
        9.  **Unauthorized Connections:** Facilitate, create or maintain
            any unauthorized connection to the Platform including
            without limitation (i) any connection to any unauthorized
            server that emulates, or attempts to emulate, the Platform;
            and (ii) any connection using third-party programs or tools
            not expressly authorized by Blizzard.
        10. **Transfers:** Attempt to sell, sublicense, rent, lease,
            grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any copy
            of the Platform or component thereof, or your rights to the
            Platform to any other party in any way not expressly
            authorized herein.
        11. **Toxicity / Disruption / Harassment:** Engage in any toxic
            behavior, conduct disrupting or diminishing the game
            experience for other players, or disrupt operation of
            Blizzard's Platform in any way, or harass Blizzard's
            personnel, including:
            1.  Disrupting or assisting in (i) the disruption of any
                computer used to support the Platform or any Game
                environment; or (ii) any other player's Game experience.
                ANY ATTEMPT BY YOU TO DISRUPT THE PLATFORM OR UNDERMINE
                THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF ANY GAME MAY BE A VIOLATION
                OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS.
            2.  Harassment, "griefing", toxic, abusive behavior or chat,
                conduct intended to unreasonably undermine or disrupt
                the Game experiences of others, including but not
                limited by, intentionally/repeatedly killing your
                in-game character and/or intentionally/repeatedly
                letting the opposite player/s to kill your in-game
                character, intentionally/repeatedly hindering your team
                in any ways, deliberate inactivity or disconnecting.
            3.  Abusive, aggressive, demeaning or offensive behavior
                towards Blizzard's Customer Service representatives
                including but not limited by chat, email, letter, phone
                or any other means of communication.
        12. **Violation of Laws**: use the Platform to violate any
            applicable law or regulation.
    4.  **Platform and Game-Specific Features.**
        1.  **Platform Features.**
            1.  **Global Play.** Certain Games feature "Global Play,"
                which allows you to play with players who are outside of
                the region associated with the Account that you have
                registered. The Global Play feature requires that some
                or all of your personal information provided to Blizzard
                when you registered the Account be transferred to
                servers operated by Blizzard in the regions where you
                wish to play the Game. By agreeing to participate in
                Global Play, you agree that Blizzard can transfer your
                data to Blizzard's servers in each of the regions that
                you select to participate in using the Global Play
                feature. For more information, please review Blizzard's
                Privacy Policy located at
                <https://www.blizzard.com/en-gb/legal/8c41e7e6-0b61-42c4-a674-c91d8e8d68d3/blizzard-entertainment-privacy-policy>.
            2.  **Battle.net Balance.**
                1.  As an active Account holder, you may participate in
                    Battle.net Balance service ("Battle.net Balance").
                    Battle.net Balance can only be used to obtain
                    certain products and services offered by Blizzard;
                    it has no cash value. Blizzard grants you a limited
                    license to acquire, use, and redeem Battle.net
                    Balance pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.
                    Regardless of how it is acquired, Battle.net Balance
                    is non-transferable to another person or Account,
                    does not accrue interest, is not insured by any
                    government entity, and, unless otherwise required by
                    law or permitted by this Agreement, is not
                    redeemable or refundable for any sum of money or
                    monetary value from Blizzard at any time. The
                    Battle.net Balance may be terminated in accordance
                    with the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
                    when we cease providing the software, or this
                    Agreement is otherwise terminated. Battle.net
                    Balance does not constitute a personal property
                    right. Battle.net Balance is not a bank account.
                    And, while you can register and play on multiple
                    Battle.net Accounts, you are not allowed to have
                    more than three (3) Accounts with Battle.net
                    Balance.
                2.  To add to your Account Battle.net Balance, go to
                    <https://eu.shop.battle.net/en-gb/product/balance>
                    and follow the instructions provided to you on the
                    page. Transactions to add Battle.net Balance or
                    redeem Battle.net Balance are governed by the Terms
                    of Sale, which can be viewed at
                    <http://eu.blizzard.com/en-gb/company/about/termsofsale.html>.
                    It may take up to five (5) days before purchases of
                    Battle.net Balance are made available on your
                    Account for your use. Certain minimums may apply to
                    purchases when adding Battle.net Balance to your
                    Account, and the maximum value of your Battle.net
                    Balance is limited as is the maximum value of all
                    transactions using Battle.net Balance per day. In
                    order to check the applicable maximum values for
                    your currency, go to
                    <https://eu.support.blizzard.com/en-gb/article/battle-net-balance-faq>.
                    Blizzard reserves the right to change the maximum
                    and minimum amounts at any time.
                3.  You may choose to add Battle.net Balance in
                    different currencies that are applicable to your
                    country of residence, in order to redeem Battle.net
                    Balance for certain goods and/or services offered on
                    the Platform. TO HAVE A BATTLE.NET BALANCE OF MORE
                    THAN A CERTAIN VALUE, YOU MUST HAVE ATTACHED AN
                    AUTHENTICATOR TO YOUR BATTLE.NET ACCOUNT. In order
                    to check the applicable value for your currency, go
                    to <https://eu.battle.net/support/en/article/25904>.
                    Blizzard reserves the right to change the value
                    limitation at any time. You can download the
                    Blizzard Authenticator for mobile devices at
                    <https://battle.net/account/management/authenticator.html>.
                    Blizzard will not send you a statement of itemized
                    transactions on the Account. In order to check the
                    Battle.net Balance loaded on the Account, or review
                    recent transactions on the Account, go to
                    <https://eu.battle.net/account/management/transaction-history.html>
                4.  You are responsible for all Battle.net Balance
                    transactions, including unauthorized transactions.
                5.  You are responsible for all uses of your Battle.net
                    Balance. If you suspect that the Account has been
                    compromised, you should contact Blizzard customer
                    service immediately at
                    <http://eu.blizzard.com/support/webform.xml>.
                    Battle.net Balance will only be protected from the
                    point that Blizzard issues a message to you
                    indicating that Blizzard has received your notice
                    that the Account may have been compromised. You are
                    solely responsible for verifying that the proper
                    amount of Battle.net Balance has been added to or
                    deducted from your Account. You can view your
                    Battle.net Balance from your account management
                    page. Note that we may require additional
                    information and/or documentation to verify your
                    claim. From that point forward, Blizzard will take
                    actions to freeze your Battle.net Balance, and will
                    unfreeze your Battle.net Balance once Blizzard has
                    returned control of your Battle.net Balance to you.
                6.  Blizzard reserves the right to reduce, liquidate,
                    deactivate, suspend or terminate any Battle.net
                    Balance added to the Account or access to Battle.net
                    Balance or other Platform features if Blizzard
                    determines, after investigation and in accordance
                    with Section 10.B.ii. below, that you have violated
                    this Agreement, including the license limitations
                    set forth in Section 1.C., misused Battle.net
                    Balance, or have otherwise used Battle.net Balance
                    to conduct any fraudulent or illegal activity.
                7.  In the event that you are in any way responsible for
                    compromising Accounts, Blizzard retains the right to
                    remove Battle.net Balance from the Account gained
                    through compromising other Accounts, suspending
                    access to any services provided to you by Blizzard,
                    such as access to in-Game auction houses and/or
                    terminating the Account, subject to the terms of
                    Section 10.B.ii. below.
            3.  **Advertising.** The Platform may incorporate
                third-party technology that enables advertising on the
                Platform and/or in certain Games playable on the
                Platform, which may be downloaded temporarily to your
                personal computer and replaced during online game play.
                As part of this process, Blizzard and/or its authorized
                third-party advertisers may collect standard information
                that is sent when your personal computer connects to the
                Internet including your Internet protocol (IP) address.
            4.  **User Created or Uploaded Content.** The Platform may
                provide you an opportunity to upload and display content
                on the Platform, such as on the Blizzard forums, and/or
                as part of a Game, including the compilation,
                arrangement or display of such content (collectively,
                the "User Content"). User Content specifically does not
                include a Custom Game, as defined in Section 1.D.ii.1.
                below. You hereby grant Blizzard a perpetual (or for the
                maximum period of time permitted under applicable law),
                irrevocable, worldwide, fully paid up, non-exclusive,
                sub-licensable, right and license to exploit the User
                Content and all elements thereof, in any and all media,
                formats and forms, known now or hereafter devised.
                Blizzard shall have the unlimited right to copy,
                reproduce, fix, modify, adapt, translate, reformat,
                prepare derivatives, add to and delete from, rearrange
                and transpose, manufacture, publish, distribute, sell,
                license, sublicense, transfer, rent, lease, transmit,
                make publicly available, publicly display, publicly
                perform, provide access to, broadcast, and practice the
                User Content as well as all modified and derivative
                works thereof and any and all elements contained
                therein, and use or incorporate a portion or portions of
                the User Content or the elements thereof in conjunction
                with or into any other material. You represent and
                warrant that the User Content does not infringe upon the
                copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other
                intellectual property and/or personality rights of any
                third party. You further represent and warrant that you
                will not use or contribute User Content that is
                unlawful, tortious, defamatory, obscene, invasive of the
                privacy of another person, threatening, harassing,
                abusive, hateful, racist or otherwise objectionable or
                inappropriate. Blizzard may remove any User Content and
                any related content or elements from the Platform at its
                sole discretion. You hereby agree not to be identified
                as the author of the User Content. In the event you
                upload or otherwise transmit to Blizzard any concepts,
                ideas, or feedback relating to the Platform, you shall
                not be entitled to any compensation for any such
                submission, unless expressly agreed between you and
                Blizzard, and Blizzard may freely use any such
                submission in any manner it deems appropriate. Any such
                submission by you shall not create any contractual
                relationship between you and Blizzard. Except to the
                extent that any such waiver is prohibited by law, you
                hereby waive the benefit of any provision of law known
                as \"moral rights\" or \"droit moral\" or any similar
                law in any country of the world. Depending on the
                content, additional Terms may apply.
            5.  **Real ID Feature and Identity Disclosure**. The
                Platform allows you to disclose your real identity to
                other users of the Platform through the "Real ID
                Friends" feature. If you use the Real ID feature and
                opt-in to a request to be "Real ID Friends" with another
                user, that user will be able to see your real name and
                online status. If you are a parent or legal guardian and
                if you provide your approval to allow your minor child
                to use your Account, please be aware that your child may
                opt in to the Real. YOU OPT-IN TO THE REAL ID FEATURE,
                THOSE PEOPLE YOU DESIGNATE AS A "REAL ID FRIEND" WILL BE
                ABLE TO SEE THE NAMES OF YOUR OTHER "REAL ID FRIENDS,"
                AND YOUR NAME AND ONLINE STATUS WILL BE VISIBLE BY THOSE
                PEOPLE THAT YOUR "REAL ID FRIENDS" HAVE DESIGNATED USING
                THE SAME FEATURE. You may opt out of the Real ID feature
                in your Batte.net Account settings at any time by
                deleting all Real ID Friends from your Account.
            6.  **Blizzard Television Service**: Upon your association
                of a World of Warcraft or StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty
                Game license with your Account, or by ordering any
                online services related to World of Warcraft or
                StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty, you shall receive as
                part of the fees paid for the online services, access to
                the online game(s) and access to a television service
                (ESL Turtle TV), which is an IP TV service featuring,
                among other content, Blizzard games, Blizzard products
                and other Blizzard related content.
        2.  **Game Features.**
            1.  **Game Editors.** Certain Games include editing software
                (hereafter referred as "Game Editor(s)") that will allow
                you to create custom games, levels, maps, scenarios or
                other content ("Custom Games"). For purposes of this
                Agreement and any Agreements referenced herein, "Custom
                Games" includes all content created using the Game
                Editor(s), including but not limited to all digital
                files associated with such Custom Games, as well as (1)
                all content contained within such files, including but
                not limited to player and non-player characters, audio
                and video elements, environments, objects, items, skins,
                and textures, (2) all titles, trademarks, trade names,
                character names, or other names and phrases associated
                with or included within the Custom Game, and (3) any
                other intellectual property rights contained within the
                Custom Game, including any and all content, game
                concepts, methods or ideas. A Custom Game may only be
                used with the Game's engine that is associated with a
                particular Game Editor. The manner in which Custom Games
                can be used or exploited is set forth in the [Custom
                Game Acceptable Use
                Policy](https://www.blizzard.com/en-gb/legal/d98bbabd-9e50-49f2-81b9-b27120a2bbf1/),
                the terms of which are incorporated into this Agreement
                by this reference, and which can be found at
                [http://eu.blizzard.com/en-gb/company/legal/acceptable-use.html](https://www.blizzard.com/en-gb/legal/d98bbabd-9e50-49f2-81b9-b27120a2bbf1/).
                Blizzard may modify, remove, disable, or delete Custom
                Games at any time in its sole and absolute discretion.
            2.  **Community Tournaments.** In order to support local
                esports tournament activities, Blizzard provides a
                license program for organizers of community tournaments
                under its Community Competition license, which can be
                found at
                <https://eu.blizzard.com/en-gb/company/legal/community-competition-license.html>.
            3.  **Beta Testing Pre-Release Versions of Games**. Certain
                pre-release versions of Games may be made available to
                you through the Platform for testing ("Beta Test"). Your
                participation in a Beta Test through the Platform will
                be governed by the following:
                1.  **Eligibility.** In order to participate in a Beta
                    Test, you must meet the following requirements:
                    1.  Blizzard must designate you to participate in a
                        Beta Test (a "Beta Tester");
                    2.  The Account that you will use to participate in
                        the Beta Test must be in good standing;
                    3.  If the Beta Test is to test an expansion to a
                        Game, then the Account must be upgraded with all
                        previous expansions to that particular Game;
                    4.  You agree to allow Blizzard to obtain hardware
                        and software information from the computer
                        system that you will use to take part in the
                        Beta Test (the "Beta Test System") prior to
                        registration for the Beta Test in order for
                        Blizzard to determine if you are eligible to
                        participate in the Beta Test; and
                    5.  The Beta Test System must meet the
                        specifications which Blizzard determines are
                        required for the Beta Test.
                2.  **Confidentiality.** If Blizzard announces that a
                    Beta Test is confidential, the Beta Test invitation
                    you will receive will include a notice that states
                    that the Beta Test is confidential. During a
                    confidential Beta Test, the existence of the Beta
                    Test and all elements thereof shall be kept
                    confidential, and you agree to keep everything
                    related to the Beta Test secret from everyone who is
                    not participating in the Beta Test until Blizzard
                    informs you that the Beta Test is no longer
                    confidential. For purposes of example and not
                    limitation, you agree that you will not disclose the
                    following during a confidential Beta Test:
                    1.  Information about the Beta Test, such as your
                        role as a Beta Tester, the length of the Beta
                        Test, the number of Beta Testers, how you became
                        a Beta Tester, etc.
                    2.  Information related to the Game that you are
                        Beta Testing, such as the Game's look and feel,
                        playable races, classes, combat, magic,
                        communication, grouping, questing, monetary
                        systems, non-player character interaction,
                        items, armor, weapons, stability of the Game,
                        etc.
                3.  **Beta Tests and Real Money Features.** Certain
                    Games may have features that will allow you to
                    purchase licenses to use digital items or services
                    through the Game's interface. If you purchase a
                    license to use a digital item or service through the
                    Game's interface during a Beta Test, all purchases
                    are subject to the Terms of Sale. Blizzard will not
                    provide you with a refund for your purchase of a
                    digital item or service, and in some cases, items or
                    services purchased during a Beta Test may not
                    transition to the retail release version of a Game.
                    In those cases, Blizzard will provide you with
                    information that explains what, if any, credit you
                    would receive for your purchase of digital goods or
                    services for real money during a Beta Test once the
                    Beta Test has concluded.
                4.  **Feedback.** During and after the Beta Test, you
                    may be provided with an opportunity to give Blizzard
                    your comments, suggestions and impressions of the
                    Game by using tools to supply feedback and bug
                    reports, internal websites and forums, and other
                    methods. The Game may also include a tool that will
                    allow your computer system to forward system and
                    driver information to Blizzard in the event of a
                    crash. This tool will collect data from your
                    computer system related to the crash, and allow you
                    to forward a report to Blizzard via electronic mail.
                5.  **Acknowledgments.** You acknowledge that:
                    1.  the Game being Beta Tested is a work in progress
                        and may contain bugs which may cause loss of
                        data, in-game progression, in-game content
                        and/or damage to your computer system;
                    2.  you have, or will, back-up your hard drive prior
                        to installation of the Beta;
                    3.  you have the resources necessary to easily
                        reinstall the Beta Test System's operating
                        system and restore any and all data that may be
                        lost;
                    4.  Blizzard is not liable in any way for the loss
                        of data or damage to the Beta Test System,
                        interruptions of service, software or hardware
                        failures, or loss of data or disruption of
                        service;
                    5.  Blizzard may monitor and record any and all
                        communications, electronic or otherwise,
                        pertaining to the Beta including, without
                        limitation, packets, in-game chat, forum
                        postings, etc.;
                    6.  Blizzard may delete or modify the information
                        stored by the Platform or the Game being Beta
                        Tested for any reason at any time during the
                        duration of the Beta Test;
                    7.  Blizzard may transfer software program files to
                        the Beta Test System, including a program that
                        will collect and send Blizzard CPU, RAM,
                        operating system, video card, and sound card
                        information from the Beta Test System; and
                    8.  You may not sell, transfer or commercially
                        exploit access to a Beta, including the
                        distribution of Beta keys without Blizzard's
                        express authorization.
                6.  **Termination.** Blizzard can terminate a Beta Test
                    at any time. When Blizzard terminates a Beta Test,
                    you must delete the pre-release version of the Game
                    that was the subject of the Beta Test and all
                    documents and materials you received from Blizzard
                    in connection with the Beta Test, and you may be
                    asked by Blizzard to remove any elements of the Beta
                    from any hard drives on which the pre-release
                    version of the Game that was the subject of the Beta
                    Test has been installed. You agree and acknowledge
                    that Blizzard's termination of the Beta Test shall
                    not be grounds for any refunds of any kind,
                    including, but not limited to, digital items,
                    refunds for time purchased to access World of
                    Warcraft, etc.
                7.  **Sections of the Agreement Applicable to Beta
                    Tests.** When participating in a Beta Test, the
                    terms of this Section 1.D.ii.3. shall supersede and
                    govern over any other Section of this Agreement
                    which may be in conflict with the terms of this
                    Section 1.D.ii.3. Additionally, Section 1.B.iv.3. of
                    the Agreement is specifically excluded from the use
                    of a Beta.
    5.  **Alterations to the Platform.**
        1.  Patches and Updates: Blizzard may update the Platform or
            part of the Platform, including Games, remotely without
            notifying you, provided that any such updates do not result
            in material derogation in the functionality of the Platform
            or the Game, and you hereby grant to Blizzard consent to
            deploy and apply such patches, updates, and modifications.
        2.  You understand that some additional storage space may be
            necessary to install Patches and Updates.
        3.  Blizzard may change, modify, suspend, or discontinue any
            aspect of the Platform or Accounts at any time, including
            removing items, or revising the effectiveness of items in an
            effort to balance, improve, update, renew, etc. a Game.
            Blizzard may also impose limits on certain features or
            restrict your access to parts or all of the Platform or
            Accounts with reasonable notice.
        4.  You are responsible for any and all broadband or network
            access and usage fees necessary to access and use the
            Platform.
2.  **Blizzard's Ownership.**
    1.  With the sole exception of the Licensors' Games, Blizzard is the
        owner or licensee of all right, title, and interest in and to
        the Platform, including the Games that are produced and
        developed by Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. ("Blizzard Games"),
        Custom Games derived from a Blizzard Game, Accounts, and all of
        the features and components thereof. The Platform may contain
        materials licensed by third-parties to Blizzard, and these
        third-parties may enforce their ownership rights against you in
        the event that you violate this Agreement. The following
        components of the Platform (which do not include content or
        components of the Licensors' Games), are owned or licensed by
        Blizzard:
        1.  All virtual content appearing within the Platform, including
            the Blizzard Games, such as:
            1.  **Visual Components:** Locations, artwork, structural or
                landscape designs, animations, and audio-visual effects;
            2.  **Narrations:** Themes, concepts, stories, and
                storylines;
            3.  **Characters:** The names, likenesses, inventories, and
                catch phrases of Game characters;
            4.  **Items:** Virtual goods, such as digital cards,
                currency, potions, weapons, armor, wearable items,
                skins, sprays, pets, mounts, etc.;
        2.  All data and communications generated by, or occurring
            through, the Platform;
        3.  All sounds, musical compositions, recordings, and sound
            effects originating in the Platform;
        4.  All recordings, Game replays, or reenactments of in-game
            matches, battles, duels, etc.;
        5.  Computer code, including but not limited to "Applets" and
            source code;
        6.  Titles, methods of operation, software, related
            documentation, and all other original works of authorship
            contained in the Platform;
        7.  All Accounts, including the name of the Account and any
            Battle Tags associated with an Account. All use of an
            Account shall inure to Blizzard's benefit. Blizzard does not
            recognize the transfer of Accounts. You may not purchase,
            sell, gift or trade any Account, or offer to purchase, sell,
            gift, or trade any Account, and any such attempt shall be
            null and void and may result in the forfeiture of the
            Account;
        8.  All Moral Rights that relate to the Platform, including
            Custom Games derived from a Blizzard Game, such as the right
            of attribution, and the right to the integrity of certain
            original works of authorship; and
        9.  The right to create derivative works, and as part of this
            Agreement, you agree that you will not create any work based
            on the Platform, except as expressly set forth in this
            Agreement or otherwise by Blizzard in certain contest rules,
            [Terms and Conditions of Fan Art Submissions to Blizzard
            Entertainment](https://www.blizzard.com/en-gb/legal/a03da66c-273f-4a11-b18c-869db5b53688/terms-and-conditions-of-fan-art-submissions-to-blizzard-entertainment),
            [Blizzard Video
            Policy](https://www.blizzard.com/en-gb/legal/2068564f-f427-4c1c-8664-c107c90b34d5/blizzard-video-policy)
            or addenda to this Agreement.
3.  **Pre-Loaded Software.** The Platform may contain additional
    software that requires you to agree to additional terms prior to
    your use thereof ("Additional Software").
    1.  **Installation.** You agree that Blizzard may install Additional
        Software on your hard drive as part of the installation of the
        Platform, and from time to time during the term of this
        Agreement.
    2.  **Use.** Unless Blizzard grants you a valid license and
        alphanumeric key to use and activate the Additional Software,
        you may not access, use, distribute, copy, display, reverse
        engineer, derive source code from, modify, disassemble,
        decompile or create derivative works based on the Additional
        Software. In the event that Blizzard grants to you a valid
        license and alphanumeric key to use and activate the Additional
        Software, all use of the Additional Software shall be subject to
        the terms of this Agreement.
    3.  **Copies.** You may make one (1) copy of the Additional Software
        for archival purposes only.
4.  **Consent to Monitor.** WHILE RUNNING, THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING A
    GAME) MAY MONITOR YOUR COMPUTER, CONSOLE OR MOBILE DEVICE\'S MEMORY
    FOR UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY PROGRAMS RUNNING EITHER CONCURRENTLY
    WITH A GAME OR OUT OF PROCESS. AN \"UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY
    PROGRAM\" AS USED HEREIN SHALL BE DEFINED AS ANY THIRD PARTY
    SOFTWARE PROHIBITED BY SECTION 1.C. ABOVE. IN THE EVENT THAT THE
    PLATFORM DETECTS AN UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY PROGRAM, (a) THE
    PLATFORM MAY COMMUNICATE INFORMATION BACK TO BLIZZARD, INCLUDING
    WITHOUT LIMITATION YOUR ACCOUNT NAME, DETAILS ABOUT THE UNAUTHORIZED
    THIRD PARTY PROGRAM DETECTED, AND THE TIME AND DATE; AND/OR (b)
    BLIZZARD MAY EXERCISE ANY OR ALL OF ITS RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT,
    WITH OR WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE TO THE USER. Additionally, certain
    Games include a tool that will allow your computer system to forward
    information to Blizzard in the event that the Game crashes,
    including system and driver data, and by agreeing hereto you consent
    to Blizzard receiving and/or using this data.
5.  **Limited Warranty.** FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION AND THE
    UNITED KINGDOM THE WARRANTIES APPLY AS PER APPLICABLE STATUTARY LAW.
    FOR ANY RESIDENTS OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN UNION AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
    THE FOLLOWING APPLIES: THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND
    "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
    EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE,
    NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND THOSE ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE
    OF TRADE. BLIZZARD DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOU WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS
    OR USE THE PLATFORM AT THE TIMES OR LOCATIONS OF YOUR CHOOSING; THAT
    THE PLATFORM WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL
    BE CORRECTED; OR THAT THE GAME CLIENT OR THE PLATFORM ARE FREE OF
    VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
6.  **Limitations of Liability.**
    1.  Blizzard may be liable in accordance with statutory law (i) in
        case of intentional breach, (ii) in case of gross
        negligence, (iii) for damages arising as result of any injury to
        life, limb or health or (iv) under any applicable product
        liability act. Gross negligence refers to an action or omission
        of significant carelessness, demonstrating a clear disregard of
        one's basic duties.
    2.  Without limiting the foregoing, you agree and acknowledge that
        Blizzard may be liable for slight negligence only in case of a
        breach of a material contractual obligation. Material
        contractual obligation means any obligation (i) which is
        necessary for the fulfillment of the Agreement, (ii) the breach
        of which would jeopardize the purpose of the Agreement and (iii)
        the compliance with which one may generally trust in. In such
        cases, the liability will be limited to the typical and
        foreseeable damages. Slight negligence means any negligence
        which is not gross negligence.
7.  **Indemnity.** You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Blizzard
    harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other losses, including
    reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third-party resulting
    from or arising out of your use of the Platform, or any breach by
    you of this Agreement, or any Game-specific Terms of Use; however,
    the foregoing does not apply if the infringement of rights is not
    attributable to your intentional or negligent behavior.
8.  **Equitable Remedies.** You hereby agree that Blizzard would be
    irreparably damaged if the terms of this Agreement were not
    specifically followed and enforced, and therefore you agree that we
    shall be entitled, without bond, other security, or proof of
    damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with respect to breaches
    of the Agreement, in addition to such other remedies as we may
    otherwise have available to us under applicable laws.
9.  **Modification of the Agreement.** Blizzard may, from time to time,
    change or modify this Agreement as its business and the law evolves.
    In this case, Blizzard will notify you of any such changes or
    modifications by providing special notice. If you do not object to
    the amended Agreement within four (4) weeks following the special
    notice, your continued use of the Platform will mean that you accept
    the amended Agreement. With the special notice, Blizzard will remind
    you that your continued use after the expiration of six (6) weeks
    following the special notice means that you accept any and all
    changes. Those changes or modifications will not affect essential
    characteristics of the Platform. Should you have any questions or
    concerns, please contact Blizzard Customer Service.
10. **Term and Termination and Sanctions.**
    1.  **Term.** This Agreement is effective upon your creation of an
        Account, and shall remain in effect until it is terminated or
        superseded by a New Agreement, or, if neither of the foregoing
        events occur, as long as you continue using the Platform. In the
        event that Blizzard chooses to cease providing the Platform,
        part of the Platform, or license to a third party the right to
        provide the Platform, Blizzard shall use reasonable commercial
        efforts to provide you with no less than three (3) months prior
        notice, unless the discontinuance arises from a matter that is
        beyond Blizzard's control or causes the provision of such
        advance notice not to be possible or feasible.

    2.  **Termination and Sanctions.**

         

        You are entitled to terminate this Agreement for any legitimate
        reason as may be specified by applicable law or relevant court
        decision, subject to prior written notice by contacting Blizzard
        Entertainment at <https://eu.battle.net/support/>

         

        We are entitled to either suspend or terminate this Agreement in
        the following situations:

         

        1.  If you fail to comply with any terms contained in this
            Agreement and/or the Code of Conduct, Blizzard will provide
            you with a warning of your non-compliance. The sanction will
            be graduated depending the violation (notably
            temporary/definitive suspension of either the Game or the
            Platform/Account, Removal of the account stats/ level
            rating, silence) In case of a serious violation of this
            Agreement, or the Code of Conduct, Blizzard will be entitled
            to immediately terminate this Agreement, the access to the
            Platform and/or any Game license without any prior warning
            upon notification. Serious violations are violations of
            important provisions which include Sections 1.A.ii.2,
            1.A.iv., 1.B.iii., 1.C., 1.D.i.2.g., 2 and 3.B. of this
            Agreement or repeated violations of other provisions of this
            Agreement, including further non-compliance where you
            already have received a prior warning. In its sole
            discretion Blizzard may decide to replace the immediate
            termination of this Agreement with a less severe sanction or
            a combination of sanctions which can be:
            1.  A temporary suspension of the Platform/Account and/or
                the Game(s). The length of the first temporary
                suspension may vary due to the severity of the violation
                and the Game. Further, the length of the consecutive
                temporary suspensions may be progressively increased
                (each previous term is multiplied by two) in case of the
                repeated violation of the Agreement. During the
                temporary suspension the respective Account and/or the
                Game(s) will be completely inaccessible for usage. Also,
                during the temporary suspension any current paid
                subscription or game time will not be
                stopped/freezed/cancelled and is not subject to any
                claim or refund.
            2.  A removal or correction of the Account/Game's
                statistic/level(s)/rating(s) and/or in-game
                achievement(s)/title(s)/item(s). Such the removal or
                correction may be applied not only to a disputed
                item/content but also to a group/type of items/content.
                For example, in case of violation in the person versus
                person mode ("PvP"), Blizzard may remove/correct all and
                any of the character's PvP
                statistic/level(s)/rating(s)/achievement(s)/title(s)/item(s)
                related to the respective PvP season.
            3.  "Silence" the Platform or Account or Game(s). Blizzard
                may temporary or permanently disable a possibility to
                use the Platform/Account/Game's communication tool(s)
                such as in-game text and voice chats.
        2.  In the event of any termination of this Agreement, your
            right to access and play Games will be revoked.
11. **Governing Law.** This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
    in accordance with the laws of France. If you are resident in a
    member state of the European Union, you also enjoy the protection of
    the mandatory provisions of the consumer protection laws in your
    member state.
12. **General.**
    1.  You understand and agree that the Platform may not be used,
        accessed, downloaded, or otherwise exported, reexported, or
        transferred in contravention of applicable export control,
        economic sanctions, and import laws and regulations, including,
        but not limited to, the U.S. Export Administration Regulations
        ("EAR") and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of
        the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"). You
        represent and warrant that you (1) are not subject to U.S.
        sanctions or export restrictions and otherwise are eligible to
        utilize the Platform under applicable laws and regulations; (2)
        are not located or ordinarily resident in a country or region
        subject to comprehensive or near-comprehensive U.S.
        sanctions/embargo, unless your use of the Platform in such
        country or region is authorized by U.S. law; (3) are not an
        official, employee, agent, or contractor of, or directly or
        indirectly acting or purporting to act for or on behalf of, a
        government (including any political subdivision, agency, or
        instrumentality thereof or any person directly or indirectly
        owned or controlled by the foregoing) or political party (e.g.,
        Cuban Communist Party, Workers' Party of Korea) subject to U.S.
        sanctions/embargo or any other entity in a sanctioned/embargoed
        country or region or subject to U.S. sanctions/embargo; and (4)
        will not use the Platform in connection with an end-use
        prohibited by U.S. law.
    2.  Blizzard may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any
        person or entity at any time with or without your consent, as
        long as the assignment does not reduce your rights under this
        Agreement. You may not assign this Agreement without Blizzard's
        prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you
        shall be null and void.
    3.  Blizzard's failure to enforce a provision of this Agreement
        shall not be construed as a (1) waiver of such provision, or (2)
        diminishment of any right to enforce such provisions. Further,
        Blizzard may choose to waive enforcement of a provision of this
        Agreement in a particular instance; however, you are still
        obligated to comply with that waived provision in the future.
    4.  Notices.
        1.  **If to Blizzard.** All notices given by you under this
            Agreement shall be in addressed to
            <https://eu.battle.net/support>.
        2.  **If to You.** All notices given by Blizzard under this
            Agreement shall be given to you either through email website
            blog post or by any other mean of communication chosen by
            Blizzard. These notice forms and instances are specified in
            our Privacy Policy, which can be reviewed at
            <https://www.blizzard.com/en-gb/legal/8c41e7e6-0b61-42c4-a674-c91d8e8d68d3/blizzard-entertainment-privacy-policy>.
    5.  Blizzard shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform
        resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of
        Blizzard, such as natural disasters, unforeseen intrusions into
        our cyberspace, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil
        or military authorities, natural disaster, fire, floods,
        accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities,
        fuel, energy, labor or materials.
    6.  If any part of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or
        unenforceable, then that portion shall be severed, and the
        remainder of this Agreement shall be given full force and
        effect.
    7.  In the event of any conflict as to whether your licensor and
        contracting partner is Blizzard Entertainment S.A.S. or
        Activision Blizzard International B.V., your licensor and
        contracting partner shall be deemed to be Activision Blizzard
        International B.V.
    8.  This Agreement constitutes and contains the entire Agreement
        between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof
        and supersedes any prior oral or written Agreements.
    9.  The provisions of Sections 1.C, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11, and 12 shall
        survive termination of this Agreement for any reason.

 

END
